I am inspired by things happening all around me.
I am grateful for the people I have in my life.
I grow and improve every day.
I treat myself kindly and with compassion.
I am able to find the silver linings in difficult situations.
I always try to see the bright side of things.
I am grateful for the things I have in life.
I appreciate the opportunities I've been given.
I am kind and help inspire others to be kind.
My life is full of potential.
I give myself permission to be myself.
I give myself permission to take time for myself.
I have the power to change.
I forgive those who have hurt me.
I have the ability to recover from difficulties.
I am courageous.
I am capable of standing up for myself.
I approve of myself.
I love myself fully.
I’m allowed to have needs and take up space.
I have value.
I am at peace with who I am.
I deserve peace and joy in my life.
I am allowed to take care of myself.
I am worthy of love.
There are many things that I love about myself.
I surround myself with positive, supportive people.
I am enough.
My needs and wants are important.
I’m worthy of respect and kindness.
I choose to celebrate my good qualities.
I’m doing my best and that is enough.
I am good enough.
I am in control of how I live my life.
I am allowed to take my own path.
I put my energy into the things that matter to me.
I am free to create the life I desire.
I am capable of making my own decisions.
I trust in my ability to make good decisions.
My future is bright.
I deserve success.
I give myself permission to do what is right for me.
I give myself the time and space to grow and learn.
Failure is just one step on the way to success.
Taking small steps every day can help me achieve big goals.
I have the freedom to set my own goals.
I have the potential to succeed.
I am open to future opportunities.
I’m in charge of my life.
I can control how I react to others.
My emotions have purpose and value.
I trust myself and my feelings.
I accept myself just the way I am.
I feel safe and secure wherever I am.
I am calm and content.
I am allowed to say no and stand up to my negative thoughts.
I have the power to let things go.
I am allowed to be loud.
My thoughts and feelings matter.
I like me. I love me.
I am not perfect and that's okay.
Good things are coming my way.
I am doing my best, and that's good enough.
Today is going to be a great day.
I am capable of achieving my goals.
I am proud of myself.
I am awesome.
Asking for help is a sign of self-respect and self-awareness.
Changing my mind is a strength, not a weakness.
Every decision I make is supported by my whole and inarguable experience.
I affirm and encourage others, as I do myself.
I alone hold the truth of who I am.
I am allowed to ask for what I want and what I need.
I am allowed to feel good.
I am capable of balancing ease and effort in my life.
I am complete as I am, others simply support me.
I am content and free from pain.
I am doing the work that works for me.
I am good and getting better.
I am growing and I am going at my own pace.
I am held and supported by those who love me.
I am in charge of how I feel and I choose to feel happy.
I am listening and open to the messages the universe has to offer today.
I am loved and worthy.
I am more than my circumstances dictate.
I am open to healing.
I am optimistic because today is a new day.
I am peaceful and whole.
I am proof enough of who I am and what I deserve.
I am responsible for myself, and I start there.
I am safe and surrounded by love and support.
I am still learning so it’s okay to make mistakes.
I am understood and my perspective is important.
I am valued and helpful.
I am well-rested and excited for the day.
I am worthy of investing in myself.
I belong here, and I deserve to take up space.
I can control how I respond to things that are confronting.
I can hold two opposing feelings at once, it means I am processing.
I celebrate the good qualities in others and myself.
I deserve an affirming touch on my own terms.
I deserve information and I deserve moments of silence, too.
I deserve self-respect and a clean space.
I do all things in love.
I do not have to linger in dark places; there is help for me here.
I do not pretend to be anyone or anything other than who I am.
I do not rise and fall for another.
I do not rush through my life, I temper speed with stillness.
I embrace change seamlessly and rise to the new opportunity it presents.
I embrace the questions in my heart and welcome the answers in their own time.
I grow towards my interests, like a plant reaching for the sun.
I have come farther than I would have ever thought possible, and I'm learning along the way.
I have everything I need to succeed.
I hold community for others, and am held in community by others.
I hold wisdom beyond knowledge.
I invite abundance and a generous heart.
I invite art and music into my life.
I leave room in my life for spontaneity.
I let go of the things that sit achingly out of reach.
I look forward to tomorrow and the opportunities that await me.